Think back to your acquaintances, but in general to the student body.
There must have been some rich and poor and country and city.
And you mentioned a Cajun and there must have been some Hispanic.
Oh, yeah.
What difference did those backgrounds make at A&M?
I'm not sure I'm following your question here.
Did it matter if you were a city kid or a country kid, rich or poor?
No.
Why didn't it?
Well, perhaps because we didn't have the fraternities, we didn't have the elitism.
There was no elitism in it.
Are you saying to me that A&M is inclusive instead of exclusive?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, very definitely.
Did you know any Jewish kids in the student body?
Any Greek kids?
Jewish.
Were there some Jewish kids?
Oh, yeah, I knew a few Jewish kids.
I don't think I knew very many.
I had known more in the service.
Were there some Catholic kids?
Oh, yeah, not very many again, but some.
And I presume, okay, so they were, so what?
Doesn't matter to me.
No, doesn't matter to me.
I don't say this with any feel of pride or anything else.
But racism is not in my vocabulary.
Ethnicity doesn't matter to me.
I don't care what the color of somebody's skin is or what their religion is.
It's what's in there.
And I think as a kind of an outside observer that that has been true at A&M
for a long time.
Come on, sit down.
If you want to be part of this campfire, come join us and do your share and you are accepted.
I never saw anybody at all.
As I try to think back, I can't remember seeing any evidence of discrimination or dislike because somebody was a Jew or a black or Hispanic
Hispanics, they were very popular.
Very popular.
Most of them.
Of course, I know we didn't see a total cross-section.
We just saw those that had the motivation and drive to go on.
What were the formal events that you think contributed to this inclusiveness at A&M?
Oh, the formal event, you're probably talking about April 21st.
Okay, there's one.
Yeah.
What else?
That the school, that was kind of an organized event.
That's what I mean by formal.
It wasn't an accident.
It was an organized event.
Well, I suppose for many kids, the membership in the Corps.
Okay.
That didn't affect us.
And there were a lot of, and I went back to A&M perhaps more than any other reason because of the Veterinary College.
But I had a lot of very dear friends that were there, studied business, agriculture, engineering.
I have a theory that silver taps and muster and midnight yelp practice and football games and commencements, as they're now done, where you call every name and shake hands, that all of those help.
Oh, I'm sure they do.
I would not argue with a bit of that.
Let's see.
Let's make believe somebody hands you a million-dollar check.
There's only one condition on the check.
They want you to give it to Texas A&M, and you decide what's going to be done with it.
What would you tell them to do with that million dollars?
Well, without a whole heck of a lot of thought just off the top of my head, I'd put the thing in a trust fund or an investment and let the dollars that were earned go to pay scholarships and tuition for needy kids, kids that needed some help.
Majoring in?
Whatever.
I think we need all these fields.
How would you select, of all the applicants, how would you select the recipients of these needy kids?
How would I select them?
Well, I would hope we'd have enough bases to look at the individuals, their home life, their background, how they had used everything they had to get as far as they could go.
I'd look at their ability to do credible work.
but I wouldn't place it on ACT scores or SAT scores totally.
Do you have any Aggie ring stories?
Many Aggies do.
Do I have many what?
Any Aggie ring story?
Anything special that you've ever had happen to your ring or?
No, except I had it enlarged.
One of the reasons it's not worn smooth is because
When I worked at the Veterinary College in Microbiology, I was always getting my hand scalded underneath that big wide ring.
So I didn't wear it a lot.
And then I couldn't wear it on my ring finger here.
It would fit there.
And I did wear it there some, but I didn't like to have two rings.
So finally I had to have it enlarged because I have an old softball injury there.
But you never lost it and somebody found it 15 years ago.
No, never did.
I hung to it somehow.
Let's see.
What have we left out that we should have talked about for your student days?
Run that question again.
What have we omitted?
What have we forgotten about your A&M DVM student days?
I think you've been very thorough.
All right.
Then the last question is a simple one.
What feelings do you have in your heart for Texas A&M today?
Well, I think Texas A&M is a good school.
I think it's done a great job.
I don't think it's necessarily as good as a lot of people think it is, but it's a good school.
I think at times it's been under the influence of some people that have had a need to get out and see the world and see what some of the other schools are like.
You know, Michigan and Harvard and Ohio State, they're not all bad either, you know.
So some of the things that happened and I've seen happen at A&M, I thought they were under the leadership of people that didn't have a broad view.
There was too much of the fact that the governor appoints the people that pay the most into his coffers.
And we get somebody like Mr. Weisenbaker
that shouldn't be there.
But then I've worked at four other universities, and they all have their Weisenbakers too.
So I think it's a great school.
All right.
But shift your thinking just a little now.
How do you as an individual feel?
What emotional feelings do you have about that school?
Gratitude, love, admiration?
I have all those.
I consider the fact that I was able to go there, I'm very fortunate.
Very, very, very fortunate.
Just quit on that.